Hey Guys welcome to the machine learning practical course.
Super excited to have you on board and even more excited to see that you made this choice to Skaro into
this as career and thinking machine learning skills to the next level.
Were these practical applications now.
I'm here today to give you a quick heads up.
This course is unique.
This course is different for all the classes in the way that Atlantan and I did it to record these tutorials
you won't be seeing loved and I've read all these tutorials.
But instead what we did is we divided some of the top leading industry experts in the field of machine
learning to come and share their expertise with you to show you the case studies that they did first
hand so that you can actually learn from them.
So that's what this course is going to be like.
Make sure to go through the tutorials and see all the different instructors that you'll be learning
from and all the different types and that is even more exciting because not only you will get to see
how the machine learning skills are applied but you'll see the difference tiles of how these people
have these top experts in the field are actually applying machine learning so you can get some unique
characteristics from each one of them.
So look out for those things.
And apart from that of course we work with all of these instructors together to make sure that you are
going to have an incredible journey and incredible adventure throughout this horse so you can bet on
that that you are going to learn a ton.
And this is going to be an epic adventure.
On that note I hope you enjoy the mission learning practical and learn from our amazing instructors
as you will see here.
And I can't wait for you to apply these skills in your career.